Overview
AlgoZen: Algorithmic Trading Competition
AlgoZen is an exciting algorithmic trading competition where
participants design, test, and refine trading strategies to
maximize returns. Open to all college students, the event
challenges teams to showcase their quantitative,
programming, and analytical skills through backtesting and a
final strategy pitch to experts.

Eligibility
All students from authorized institutions and programmes are
eligible to participate.
Team Size limit is minimum 1 and maximum 3 . The participants
in a team may be from the same or different institutions and
programmes.
Students qualifying for the offline round must carry their valid
School/College ID cards.

Timeline
Round 1 : Feb 15th
Round 2 : Feb 22nd - Feb 28th
Round 3 : March 14th

Problem Statements
Round 1: Online Qualifying Round
Format: Online.
Objective: Participants must play a quiz answering questions
related to quantitative finance, trading, game theory etc...
Round 2: Algorithm Development and Back-testing (Online)
Format: The teams are required to design and implement a trading
strategy on NIFTY 500 companies, using any one or a combination
of financial instruments, under a fixed capital constraint, and
submit their strategy code and backtest results for evaluation.
Judging: A leaderboard will be formed based on each team’s
returns as well as the quality and robustness of their trading
strategy, and the top-performing teams will be selected.
Final Round : Pitch Presentation (Offline)
Objective : Top-performing teams pitch their strategies to a panel of
judges.

Submission Requirements & Deliverables
A 5-minute pitch with a maximum of 15 slides covering:
Executive summary of the trading strategy
Description of the trading idea
Implementation process
Stress testing and risk management methodologies
Event Manager: Hetkumar Patel (Mining 3rd year)
SPOC
Hetkumar Patel : 78620 77266
hetkumar.patel.min23@itbhu.ac.in
Siddharth Cilson: 93895 91121
siddharth.cilson.phe24@itbhu.ac.in
Prize Pool: 60,000+

